Love is the one thing that transcends time and space. We’re not meant to save the world. We’re meant to leave it. This is the plan. We need to make sure we don’t make a mistake. I’m not afraid of death. I’m afraid of time. You’re a scientist. You’re supposed to believe in things. Murph, you’ve got to trust me. This is the one thing I can do for you. I’m not leaving you, Dad. I’ll find a way. We’ve always defined ourselves by the ability to overcome the impossible. There’s a moment in your life when you’re supposed to choose a path. And I’ve chosen mine. I’ve been working on this for years. I’m not going to give up now. When you’re a parent, you get one chance to do the right thing. One chance. This is the chance of a lifetime. We have to take it. We have to go beyond the impossible to save humanity. Love is the key. The power of love transcends time and space. I’m going to find the answer. I’m going to save you, Dad. I’m not going to quit. Not ever. The impossible is just a challenge waiting to be overcome. You have to go beyond our limits to find the truth. We have no choice but to fight for the survival of our species. The truth is always more complicated than we’d like to believe. The future depends on the decisions we make today. The human spirit can withstand the impossible. We just have to try. The success of this mission could mean the survival of all mankind. The key to saving humanity is love. It’s our strongest force. I believe in you. I believe in the people I love. Our love for our children is what makes us human. We need to think beyond our survival. It’s about saving humanity. If we don’t succeed, humanity is doomed. There’s nothing we can’t accomplish if we work together. The future is ours to shape. We just have to make it happen. We’re running out of time, but I won’t stop until I get to you, Dad. I’ll make it back to you, Murph. I’ll do whatever it takes. The future is uncertain, but we have to move forward. You have the ability to change the future, Cooper. Don’t give up. We are meant for greatness. We just have to believe in ourselves. I’ll solve the equation, Dad. I’ll do it for you. The Earth is dying, Dad. We need you to come back. We’re facing the end of humanity. This is the only option we have left. I will never stop searching for you, Dad. I will find a way. The world is not going to save us. We’re on our own. The mission’s success depends on you. You have to keep moving forward. You can’t stop the Machine. It’s already won. I won’t stop until I find you, Murph. I promise. We have no choice but to save humanity. The impossible is just a challenge waiting to be overcome. The key to saving humanity is love. It’s our strongest force. I’m going to do everything I can to get back to you, Murph. I promise. There’s no way to know what’s on the other side. We just have to trust. We’re not just saving the world. We’re saving everything. I’m going to do whatever it takes to bring you back, Dad. We have to think bigger than ourselves. We’re not just saving the world. We’re saving everything. The human spirit can withstand the impossible. We just have to try. There’s no time for mistakes. Sometimes it takes going to the end of the universe to understand who we really are. You’ve got to trust me. This is the only way. The future is ours to shape. We just have to make it happen. The future doesn’t care about you, Harold. It only cares about what the Machine wants. We’re not meant to save the world. We’re meant to leave it.
